During the exercise, you have seen how
backprojection is constructed through simulation of a CT scan in operation.
One thing to note here though,
is that in our simulation,
we have been computing projections that contribute to our sign,
a grim by walking across the image along x-axis in parallel lines.
This is not exactly what happens in a CT scanner,
because our detector is a single point,
and thus the beams are cast along the axis,
that are positioned at an angle to each other in a fan like shape.
This is the actual term for a CT scanner that works like that, fan-beam CT.
The backprojection algorithm, works on a fan-beam CT in a similar way,
though, only the math is a bit more complex.
Another difference is that to speed the scans up,
the table with the patient is not stationary.
When the emitters rotate,
but it's continuously moving,
and the reconstruction algorithm accounts
for the helical pattern that the details come in,
hence, the term helical CT which you also might hear.
One other important thing about CT scanners,
relate to the physical meaning of
the values that we compute during the backprojection process,
and that is what we are going to talk about next.